feat: whiskers (#9)
catppuccin/enmity: README.md

	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/enmity/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/enmity?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Usage

> 1. Add `https://github.com/catppuccin/enmity/raw/main/themes/catppuccin-<flavor>.json` where `<flavor>` is the flavor of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download `https://github.com/catppuccin/enmity/raw/main/themes/catppuccin-<flavor>.json` where `<flavor>` is the flavor of your choice.
2. Apply the downloaded JSON to your Enmity theme settings.
```
